hi and welcome I'm Sharon from Sharon
week creations today I'm going to show
you how to make one of the little mini
projects in my book so this is the
little mini cherry cupcake what I've got
here is just a little bit of dark brown
fondant so it's a little bit of
cornflour did I get find the right one
for the cupcake what one that kind of
shoots just roughly about on the wrapper
okay cuz this one has a has a bit of a
dome
so typically if your cupcake is not very
smooth you can't actually put a bit of
icing typically I do put ganache on this
but for today because it is quite smooth
and this is just for the demo I'm just
going to put the fondant directly on
there so the cupcake is already a little
bit sticky because it is fresh if your
cupcake is a little bit drier on top
what you can do is actually brush it off
with a bit of sugar syrup and then your
fondant you stick or if you have your
icing on here like you're gonna a your
buttercream it will stick his clothing
you have to worry about that so we're
just gonna put that on there in the
middle and I've got a piece of plastic
here which is basically you can use any
product packaging or even when you go
and bind your documents the front cover
of that the plastic I just cut that into
this shape okay so we're gonna start
from the middle and we're just gonna
buff this and smooth it out
you can notice at the edge I'm pulling
it down a little bit just to smooth it
out now you need to put a little bit of
pressure if you don't put pressure
nothing's really going to happen so
we're just gonna drop that and put
pressure if you find you're doing this
and your plastic is getting stuck it
just means that the tops a little bit
too sticky so you can add a little bit
of icing sugar or corn flour on top to
smooth it out
so now we're gonna do the white icing
select on here so I want this to be a
little bit thicker because I want it to
look like like a natural piece of icing
okay so we're gonna cut that and then
I'm just going to use my fingers just
run it around the edge here just gently
just just move that out a little bit so
it doesn't look so straight
okay and now we're gonna make the cherry
so just got a bit of red fondant here
I'm gonna roll it into the bowl
just poke a little hole we're gonna get
a bit of green wire now of course before
you do serve this you need or whoever
you're serving it so you need to warn
them that you need to take the wire out
or if you're gonna give this to kids
it's best not to have the wire you can
just put the cherry on top by itself and
if you're not full so if you're not
comfortable with putting the wire
directly into the case into the cupcake
what you can do is actually pipe the
line of green royal icing and then put
that in or you can leave it on hold
together so there you go this is from my
book a cute little cherry cupcake
you